This time I'm looking at the child's face
Don't care about you
But it will never happen again.
Madam, why are you here?
Madam, do you want to take care of your health?
Take care of yourself
I'm glad I didn't get pissed off
Mom, aren't you recuperating in Switzerland?
Why are you back?
Don't Call Me Mom
It's such a big deal that you found the child
It was Wu Ma who told me
Where is my grandson?
I must see him today
Look at what your son has done.
And I flung this crap all over the place.
What's the noise?
Mr. Gu, you came just in time.
This woman
push an inch
You asked her to bring the child into the company
Look at what's ruining this company
Yoyo won't go through the trash can for no reason
There must be a reason for that